docs(coding-convention): note on optimizing layout query (#5013)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/web-components/docs/coding-conventions.md

- **Leaf components**: Ones that represents user interface/interaction. Most of our components are in this category.

## Optimizing layout query

`onscroll` and `onresize` event handlers fire as user scrolls and resizes the window, respectively. The event handlers of those event tend to query for layout of DOM elements that is known as [expensive](https://gist.github.com/paulirish/5d52fb081b3570c81e3a). To avoid excessive  number of calls with such heavy thing [debouncing/throttling/caching, etc. are known as old best practices](https://felixgerschau.com/javascript-event-loop-call-stack/#event-loop), but doing the right thing with it, especially determining when is the right timing to query for layout, is very hard.

`@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components` codebase uses [`IntersectionObserver`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Intersection_Observer_API) and [`ResizeObserver`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver) as new best practices. Those APIs leverages browser's layout information it calculates at the right timing so that application doesn't need to run another query that may not be at the right timing.

> Make sure not missing [lifecycle management](#lifecycle-management). For example, we don't want to keep observing intersection of DOM elements that are no longer there inside `<body>`, like ones that are removed as routing happens. An example of lifecycle management code can be found at [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0-rc.1/packages/web-components/src/components/masthead/top-nav.ts#L109-L136), which is called from `connectedCallback()` and `disconnectedCallback()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be mindful of [lifecycle management](#lifecycle-management). For example, we don't want to keep observing intersection of DOM elements that are no longer there inside `<body>`, like ones that are removed as routing happens. An example of lifecycle management code can be found at [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/v1.15.0/packages/web-components/src/components/masthead/top-nav.ts#L109-L136), which is called from `connectedCallback()` and `disconnectedCallback()`.
```

Reviewer: Debating if this should point to the lines of code in master? Or keep it on the version?

Reviewer 2: Good catch @jeffchew. But eventually maybe we rewrite this so it doesn't point to a version at all, just latest.
